support forcing and suspending reconciliation (#612)
kyma-project/infrastructure-manager: docs/README.md

## Configuration

> ### Deployment arguments configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment Arguments Configuration
```

11. `runtime-ctrl-workers-cnt` - number of workers running in parallel for Runtime Controller. Default value is `25`.
12. `gardener-cluster-ctrl-workers-cnt` - number of workers running in parallel for GardenerCluster Controller. Default value is `25`.

See [manager_gardener_secret_patch.yaml](../config/default/manager_gardener_secret_patch.yaml) for default values.

## Troubleshooting

> ### Runtime CRs configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Runtime Custom Resources Configuration
```

> Some runtime behavior can be controlled by the following annotations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following annotations can control runtime behavior:
```

| Annotation  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | operator.kyma-project.io/force-patch-reconciliation  | `true` value indicated that the next reconciliation loop will enter the patch state regardless of the `runtime-generation` number. This annotation is removed automatically after attempting the patch operation. Might produce [object has been modified] error in the RuntimeController logs until the state will be reconcilled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| operator.kyma-project.io/force-patch-reconciliation  | If set to `true`, the next reconciliation loop enters the patch state regardless of the `runtime-generation` number. This annotation is removed automatically after attempting the patch operation. Might produce the `object has been modified` error in the RuntimeController logs until the state is reconciled. |
```

> | operator.kyma-project.io/suspend-patch-reconciliation  | `true` value will indicate that controller should not patch the shoot. It has to be manually removed to resume normal operation.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| operator.kyma-project.io/suspend-patch-reconciliation  | If set to`true`, the controller does not patch the shoot. It has to be manually removed to resume normal operation.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> ### Switching between the `provisioner` and `kim`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Switching Between `provisioner` and `kim`.
```
